[DPE-4859] Make cloud-init optional (#398)
canonical/opensearch-operator: README.md

```

> Configure the system settings required by [OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the system settings required by [OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index/).
```
Or is something missing here at the end of the sentence?

> ### Basic Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic usage

```
Sentence case for headings and an empty line before and after a heading.

> To deploy a single unit of OpenSearch using its default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a single unit of OpenSearch with default configuration, use:
```

```shell
juju deploy opensearch --channel=2/edge
```

> ### LXD Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### LXD setup
```

If you are using LXD as the backend for Juju, then most of the sysctl parameters need to be set manually on the host:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```shell
```

## Security

> Security issues in the Charmed OpenSearch Operator can be reported through [LaunchPad](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DebuggingSecurity#How%20to%20File). Please do not file GitHub issues about security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Security issues in the Charmed OpenSearch Operator can be reported through [LaunchPad](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DebuggingSecurity#How%20to%20File). Please do not file GitHub issues about security issues.
```

## Customizing

> 

Reviewer: Consider combining this section with the next one into a single section or adding some content between h2 and h3 headings.

Reviewer: The main idea is to prevent using one heading directly after another without any content between them, even if the headings are on different levels.

One way to do it is by merging the text in headings, but the suggested heading is a bit too heavy and doesn't feel right. I'd drop the customising part at all. If you think it fits into the Usage section, then it's great. 
And BTW, we should use the British English spelling of customise, as per our [Style guide](https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en#spelling).

> ### Update Sysctl via ' clout-init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update Sysctl via clout-init
```

Certain values can be configured with different cloud-init values.
We'll do that by creating and setting a [`cloudinit-userdata.yaml` file](https://juju.is/docs/olm/juju-model-config) on the model. 

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```shell
```
